Title: Kaun Banega Crorepati 16: Olympic medalist Aman Sehrawat opens up about his struggling days; says, “I lost my mom and dad when I was 11, didn’t have enough money”
Author: Etimes.In
Publish Date: None
Content:
Amitabh Bachchan Expresses ‘Helplessness’; Discusses 'KBC' Contestants’ Struggles In Latest Blog Post

Television’s beloved reality quiz show, Kaun Banega Crorepati 16 , aired a special episode titled ‘Jeet Ka Jashn’ to celebrate the remarkable achievements of Olympic medallists Manu Bhaker and Aman Sehrawat. Manu Bhaker, India’s first female shooter to win two bronze medals at the 2024 Paris Olympics, and Aman Sehrawat , the youngest Indian to secure an individual Olympic medal in freestyle wrestling, shared their inspiring journeys to success on KBC.The episode began with a standing ovation and loud cheers of ‘India’ as the two Olympians took the stage. Seated on the iconic ‘hotseat’, they supported their respective NGOs while discussing their experiences of perseverance and victory. Appearing on KBC was a dream come true for both athletes, as they met Amitabh Bachchan and added a memorable chapter to their extraordinary stories, blending their sporting accomplishments with the excitement of being on a show that has inspired millions. While Manu was accompanied by her mom and dad, Aman got her coach and brother along.The show began with Big B asking the first question worrying Rs 1000. The question was:- Which of these refers to a fleet of ships that travel for trading and commercial purposes? Merchant Navy, Business Navy, Franchise Navy or Market Navy. They choose an option and answer the question correctly. Later, Big B praised Manu and said, “Two things that I really like about you is your smile and your saree. When I saw you taking the medal, I thought I’d praise your smile when we meet and it’s my honour.” Manu thanks the legendary actor for the same.The two answers all the questions of the first padav correctly and go to the next stage. Later, Big B asked them what inspired them to work so hard and win medals at the Olympics. Aman mentioned how he lost by 10-0 in the last Olympics and wanted to defeat the same player by 10-0 which he did this time. Manu, on the other hand said, “My mom is my biggest inspiration. She always dreamed of being an athlete but never had the resources or support needed. Although she never thought about the levels she could reach as an athlete, she was very good at sports. She has always given me the freedom to pursue my interests, and even when I was scared, she would motivate me by saying, ‘Don’t worry, just play.’ In a way, it was her dream too, to see me where I am today. Her incredible support has been an inspiration for me. I believe that when a mother is strong, the daughter is definitely strong. Later, I started watching Mary Kom Ma’am and PV Sindhu didi, who also inspired me a lot, and that’s when I truly began to follow sports and my dream to reach the Olympics stage.”Later, in a heartfelt moment on Kaun Banega Crorepati 16, Olympic medalist Aman Sehrawat opened up about the hardships he faced during his childhood. As he sat across from the legendary Amitabh Bachchan, Aman reflected on his difficult past, revealing that he lost both of his parents when he was just 11 years old. This devastating loss left him without emotional and financial support, and his journey to success became even more challenging. Aman shared that after his parents' passing, his family struggled with severe financial difficulties . "We didn’t have enough money as my relatives are farmers. It was my brother who supported me throughout,” he recalled, explaining how these circumstances made it nearly impossible for him to pursue his dreams.
