Title: Wolf Attacks: No schools, markets or farming in UP's Bahraich: Life comes to a halt in ‘wolf territory’
Author: 
Publish Date: None
Content:
LUCKNOW: Life has come to a standstill in the panic-stricken Mahsi subdivision of Bahraich district . Children have stopped venturing out and schools are deserted. Farmers do not go to their fields to protect their standing crops from stray cattle and birds anymore. Markets mostly remain shut. Villagers buy basic groceries from a few hole-in-the-wall shops run from a few houses. Wolves have so far attacked and killed nine people , including eight children, while another 24 are injured in the region.Roli Singh from Thaliya village, who stopped sending her children to school a few days ago, said, "If my kids remain safe, they will have the opportunity to study in the future."Villagers have organised themselves into groups taking turns to patrol the areas and ensure safety of their kids and livestock.Late on Wednesday, a wolf attacked a few goats tethered in the courtyard of a house in Pachdevari village in Hardi.Word on any fresh wolf attack is quickly relayed to patrol teams who alert the forest officials and intensify their own efforts to secure the area.Hazari Arya, a farmer from Sisaiya, said that his health has deteriorated due to the stress of staying awake at night. "But sleeping isn't an option for us. It's the matter of life and death," he said.To address the crisis, a four-member team from the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, arrived in Bahraich on Tuesday night to study the pattern of wolf attacks , develop strategies for their capture, and offer guidance on mitigating man-animal conflicts.Meanwhile, the administration has introduced a series of measures to address community concerns and improve safety.On Thursday, Bahraich district magistrate Monika Rani said that a dedicated team has been deployed to patrol the villages during the night. "This team comprises panchayat assistants, secretaries, revenue officials, sanitation workers, as well as Anganwadi and ANM workers, all engaged in activities to raise awareness among residents," she said."The block administration has initiated the installation of solar lights. So far, approximately 120 solar lights and doors have been installed with the assistance of different departments," the DM said."We have also arranged for primary schools to serve as temporary shelters for those in need. If any individual encounters difficulties or requires overnight accommodation, they can use the facilities provided at the primary schools. This measure is part of a broader effort to enhance community support and provide essential services to residents," Rani added.The forest department has deployed six cameras and drones, and 150 personnel from the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) are patrolling the area. Additionally, 32 teams from the revenue department and 25 teams from the forest department are actively working on the ground. Authorities are also using loudspeakers to advise residents to stay indoors, keep their children inside, and lock their doors at night.
