Title: Noida school fails to file FIR after sexual assault on 6 year old girl, principal held
Author: 
Publish Date: None
Content:
Authorities at a CBSE-affiliated school in Noida were arrested after allegedly covering up an incident where a six-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a labourer on campus. The school misled the parents about taking action, prompting police intervention.

'Child told teacher about labourer, but school let man go'

NOIDA: The headmistress of a CBSE-affiliated school 's junior wing, its supervisor and a teacher were among four persons arrested on Thursday after a six-year-old student's father alleged that the child was sexually assaulted on the premises and the authorities had tried to hush up the matter.The girl was allegedly assaulted by a labourer in the school on Tuesday.The school administration, police said, told her parents about it but misled them, claiming the culprit had been handed over to cops and a complaint filed. The parents found no arrest had been made, nor a case lodged.The parents filed a complaint Tuesday evening that set off police action in which the principal and the child's class teacher were arrested. Police said the accused was among labourers hired for construction of a new wing on the second floor of the school.A labourer working in a Noida school found a six-year-old girl student outside the classroom and took her to a secluded area on the campus, which he apparently knew was not under CCTV coverage, and allegedly touched her inappropriately, as per a police complaint by the girl's father. For nearly five minutes, the child was violated, the complaint said.The girl was recently taught about 'good' and 'bad' touch at school and immediately told her class teacher, who then informed the principal about the incident."I got a call from the school's administration on Tuesday. They informed me about the incident and claimed the accused had been handed over to police. They asked me to stay quiet about the matter. When I approached Sector 24 police station where they (the school's administration) claimed to have handed over the culprit, the cops told me they were unaware of the incident. Neither did police receive any call on the emergency helpline number," the child's father told TOI on Thursday.He accused the school of trying to suppress the incident to protect its reputation. "My daughter is traumatized. She isn't talking to anyone at home and has been crying continuously," he said. He also questioned safety measures on the school premises."Are our children not even safe inside a school? It seems the school is trying to shield the culprit. They have not revealed his name or any other details yet," the father said.After he submitted a complaint, a case was registered under BNS sections 74 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 263 (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension of another person) and sections of the Pocso Act. The fourth person arrested is the construction contractor. All four were produced in court, which remanded them in judicial custody."During investigation, our team found the principal, teacher and supervisor allowed the accused, a labourer, to leave the school premises without informing anyone even after the girl reported the assault. The contractor also helped the accused escape," a senior police officer involved in the investigation said.The school administration did not respond to TOI's calls and messages.The incident puts the spotlight back on the need to introduce sex education early in schools. "Educating kids about bad and good touch is important for their wellbeing and safety. Early education gives them the ability to identify incorrect behaviour and ask for help when needed. Open communication and constant support build a foundation of awareness and trust. It must start from the family and then the classroom," said Prapti, a Delhi-based educationist.
