Title: ‘New flavour?’: User shares photo of ‘free’ mold in food from Burger King
Author: 
Publish Date: None
Content:
NEW DELHI: A recent social media post has brought Burger King into the spotlight for all the wrong reasons. Yaman Dev Sharma, a disgruntled customer , took to X to share his experience with the fast-food giant.Sharma’s post featured a photo of a burger from Burger King, spoiled by visible mold on the bread.Accompanying the image was a caption that read, “Ordered from Burger King via Zomato.After finishing the fries, opened the burger (Veg Whooper), and today I came to know that they have launched a new flavor. Where mold is coming free with the burger bread.”“This shows how much you people care about your customers' health. Brother, you can clearly say that we will not order from here next time,” Sharma added.Sharma’s post quickly garnered widespread attention, with many expressing their dismay at the apparent lapse in food safety .In response to the growing uproar, Zomato, the food delivery platform through which Sharma placed his order, issued a statement saying, “This is very shocking. We are sorry you had to experience this. We will investigate the matter. Meanwhile, a member of our team will definitely reach out to you. Please DM us your registered contact number.”Burger King also responded to the post, saying, “Hi Yaman, we never intend to provide such an experience. Can you please DM us your Contact Number, Store Location, Order ID, and Email ID so that we can get in touch with you? Rest assured we will investigate this thoroughly,” the company said in their response.The incident comes amidst numerous complaints by users reporting contaminated foods and often discovering insects in their meals.The post sparked a wave of reactions from other users. One commenter expressed a similar sentiment, “This is why burgers from Burger King are banned in my home,” while another added, “This is nasty. Ugh so terrible.”Adding a touch of humor, another user joked, “Hari chutney hogi (This must be green chutney).”
