Title: Protests: Citizens’ Protests against Rape-Murder in Kolkata
Author: Tnn
Publish Date: None
Content:
People take part in protests against the alleged sexual assault and murder of a postgraduate trainee doctor at RG Kar Medical College and Hospital.

Kolkata Horror: CBI's Big Catch In RG Kar Hospital Case; Top Doctor Among 4 Held | Dr Sandip Ghosh

KOLKATA: The citizens ' stir against the brutal rape-murder of an RG Kar junior doctor, which enters its fifth week on Friday, has already notched up several firsts in its four-weeks-and-counting life."Unprecedented" and "unpredictable" are two adjectives that can describe the street protests , which have been characterised by their depth (the numbers hitting the streets), their spread (across locations), their apolitical nature and their spontaneous sustainability, surprising even for Kolkata, a city associated with street protests.Wednesday evening's protests were, by all accounts, bigger than even the pre-Independence Day protests. The citizens' demonstrations, with the National Flag and without party banners, have defied even organisers' expectations and have been fuelled by a variety of factors, many of them in use here by citizen-organisers on such a massive scale for the first time."When we called for the first protests, we never expected such an outpouring of support," said Rimjhim Sinha, who gave the first ‘Reclaim the Night' movement call on social media . "I have never witnessed such spontaneous protests," said author Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. "They are peaceful and apolitical, which make it different from other mass movements."Just like the organisers, many of the foot soldiers are surprised — pleasantly — by what they have achieved. Rikta Mistri, a Bhowanipore homemaker and mother of two, had never been to a protest. She was one among the thousands at Academy of Fine Arts on Wednesday. "It was important for me to be there because, as a mother, this fight is for our children's safety, too."Social media platforms, chief among them WhatsApp groups, have helped transform what many expected would be a ‘one-night stand' into a continual wave of mass protests. "Social media is helping us reach out and connect. The information about the protests, our stance and demands as well as the message from the protests are being circulated, helping sustain the movement," Sinha said.The demonstrations' energy has, however, been drawn from a not-so-new source: public anger at what many thought was unimaginable in a city like Kolkata, which has — according to National Crime Records Bureau statistics — claimed the tag of ‘India's safest metro city' two years, back-to-back. "The rape of a doctor, who is in no way from the margins of society or underprivileged, at her government hospital workplace is something that Kolkata never expected," social activist Saswati Ghosh said. "The shock of seeing the unima-ginable has galvanised the protests," she felt."Kolkata is a city of protests," political commentator and a former editor with TOI Shikha Mukerjee said. "Political turbulence has a storied history and Bengalis are proud of this tradition. This time there are clear boundaries separating local protests called by the civic-minded and protests by political parties. The demands of the groups that organise the demonstrations are an articulation of their disenchantment with the ‘system'. The mobilisation, minus political banners and leaders, is against the government, which is seen as the epicentre of rampant abuse of power."1960s firebrand Naxal leader from Presidency College, Ashim Chatterjee, popularly known as Kaka, said: "The protests have not subdued even after a month. This movement has been able to channel the masses' inner anger."Political activist Sayoni Chowdhury said one reason for the persistence of this "apolitical, non-violent movement, with participation from all sections, is its reflection of a broader discontent with the process of institutionalised governance and traditional patriarchal attitudes"."Every citizen is aware that the system delays justice and lack of evidence allows perpetrators to escape," Chowdhury said. "But we are absorbed in our daily lives and tend to forget these. However, this time, people are determined not to forget or move on to the next issue. There is a growing realisation, sense of vulnerability and empathy that connect us all — as women and families — to the victim's plight."Veteran singer Protul Mukhopadhyay, however, added a word of caution. "The protesters should channel their energy towards the fight of justice and not get diverted by political agendas," he said.
