Title: 'Groomed me as sex slave': Director called me ‘daughter’, raped me for a year, reveals Kerala actor
Author: Tnn
Publish Date: None
Content:
KOCHI: The torrent of allegations uncorked by the Hema Committee report on rampant sexual abuse in the Malayalam film industry continued Thursday with a popular actor from the 90s revealing to the world that a well-known Tamil director " groomed me as a sex slave ".In an interview to NDTV, and a lengthier chat with a fellow celebrity on her YouTube channel, the actor reveals in graphic detail the mental, physical and sexual assaults she had been subjected to by the aggressor.The actor says she was first sexually abused at 18, when she was shooting her debut movie in Tamil. She alleges that the director, who approached her for the role in his wife's presence, manipulated her by addressing her as "a daughter".During the course of shooting the film, the director allegedly declared to her that he wanted to have a child with her. "I was in my first year of college...I came from a very sheltered background, and my parents knew nothing about movies. This opportunity to act in a Tamil film came through my college theatre contact," she recalls."As a child, I was enamoured of the actor Revathy, who lived near my house at that time... I was in a fantasy world. So, I went for a screen test with this couple."The actor said she would reveal the name of the accused to the special investigation team appointed by the Kerala govt to investigate sexual abuse complaints being registered against actors, directors and producers. "This couple (the director and his wife) was nice to me, bribing me with good food and milkshakes, and telling me good things. That was the grooming process...One fine day, when his wife wasn't around, this man, while calling me his daughter, kissed me. I completely froze. I was so desperate to tell my friends but couldn't... I was ashamed, thinking I had done something wrong and that I was obligated to be nice to this man..." she says in the interview.The actor recounts that "step by step, this man completely used my body to his advantage" while she froze, not knowing what to do."At some point, he forced himself on me...so he raped me. This went on for close to a year while I was in college." During this time, the actor recalls, her alleged rapist continued to call her his daughter. "He messed with my brain," she says.
