Title: Pavel Durov: Telegram quietly makes this 'big change' to its FAQ page on private chats after CEO Pavel Durov's arrest
Author: 
Publish Date: None
Content:
Changes on Telgram FAQ page

In a first, Telegram CEO accepts issues with the platform

Telegram is changing. And the reason appears none other than the recent 4-day detention of its CEO Pavel Durov in France. The company seems to have acknowledged that it does have a problem on its platform, though not-so directly. As reported by The Verge, Telegram has quietly removed language from its FAQ page that said private chats were protected from moderation requests.This change comes almost two weeks after its Durov arrest in France. Telegram CEO was charged in France for failing to stop the spread of illicit content on the app, including child sex abuse material and drug salesAccording to the report, some of those changes appear to be already taking effect as the company’s FAQ page has changed in the last 24 hours. The response in the section “There’s illegal content on Telegram. How do I take it down?” is has reportedly changed.Earlier, the Telegram’s response to this question read: “All Telegram chats and group chats are private amongst their participants. We do not process any requests related to them.”Now, this response has been removed. Instead, it now says: "All Telegram apps have 'Report' buttons that let you flag illegal content for our moderators — in just a few taps. On Telegram for Android, tap the message and select Report from the menu. On iOS, press and hold the message. On Telegram Desktop, Web or Telegram for macOS, right-click the message and select Report. Then choose an appropriate reason."Law enforcement agencies are said to be upset with Durov for taking a mostly hands-off approach to moderating content on the app. He is reported to have declined to respond to legal requests or cooperate with law enforcement agencies. However, in his first post on Telegram since his arrest, Pavel accepted issues with the platform, he also said that Telegram has been cooperative with EU requests and that the site takes down millions of harmful posts each day.“All of that does not mean Telegram is perfect,” he wrote. “But the claims in some media that Telegram is some sort of anarchic paradise are absolutely untrue.” Durov said he plans to improve the way the site handles harmful content and make it easier for authorities to send requests to the app.
